and there everything is right here is what
talk and welcome to one more
tutorial here on the channel today tutorial
different there that I do not usually do
so much where trade
I hope you like good editorial
that it is about three for those who do not
you know it 's already 33 when you do
trading for items here in the ultimate
team and is always aiming, do not
times for at least the profit for
you stay with more money every time
power every time you buy more players
expensive to make the goal of the game
have the coolest things and I'll bring
this video here to explain how
I do a method that I find out here.
how to make some great money
well this method uses
players like you can see me there
I bought some contracts
look there for 200 dogs these contracts
here is not uncommon gold
only if we observe in the market of
transfer contracts are valid
O 300 dogs at the banal ie the purchase
that is when you do not participate
an auction you buy already have a
item
eight minutes to go here and
soon this contract will be
bought because the Friday when I
I record this video here
and the closer it gets to the end of
week more people play and more people
seek contracts
maybe maybe I can not say with 100%
of course if we put a contract
to be sold tomorrow to us
would get up to more than 300
I could get to 350
You can see that the
contract someone bought 300 dogs
now make a basic account with me if I
I am buying a contract for 200 million
seeing him for 300 dogs withdraws and the 5%
which then receives for each negotiation
you do is the equivalent of 15 of which
300 correct
if I take 300 - 15 - two hundred eu
I get 85 colors for each contract
You might think it's a little bit to do.
with a contract just think more if
you do with 100 contracts go from
8,500 if you do with a thousand contracts
You'll get 85 home in a way.
It's totally simple and safe that I
how can you do the first
thing you have to do is buy
the contracts then you have to come here
in the transfer market in the area of
consumables put here the contract type
Put quality you want is gold and
Here there in the country that puts 150
maximum in the bid or in the auction and
So I'll get to the pages more than
background his gaze intent on without page
contract has a contract for 151
came to place 200 between an auction
I put 200 in the other entered the
auction
I have put 200 in another one already
they got that from 200 then they have to
advance and take the contract for no
maximum 200
So people are going there and on your list.
transfer of contract that you do not
will win everyone for example had me
given this here ended up 300
I'm going to give myself four minutes
Look I'm going to get results and there if I
I managed to give 30 beauty all crazy because
if I sell there 15 contracts won 85
run on top of them and win back
about 1 km and something of
profit after you have done this you can
send the contracts to your list of
transfers
I have these contracts here and you
comes put his beach start from 251 by
now 300
You can put it there and there you do it with
all the contacts you have
important detail is you leave here
250 and 300 and allow the duration of the
one hour maximum
because people will always buy the
contacts at the end of this one hour because
she does not keep calling the page that
there are the contracts of 59 minutes
understood that they do
they come here and buy it later when they
arriving there in ten minutes five
minutes if you end up putting here 63
12 hours
the contracts will be sold here 12
63 hours
understood then after a time there
that you wait a little bit
see that I was able to sell all
My contracts for 300 dogs, how are you?
I can see that
I made a basic core with these contracts
so this is a very simple and
safe and also to make trade as
it's virtually impossible for you to lose
money would at least sell
produce 50 which recover all
maybe I could just
sell for 350 million at the end of
week for example to get more
money if you have multiple accounts
Why can not you just give me one
certain limit there of number of
item transfers
transfers if we have to suppose
yes bills and you buy 30 40 50
contracts of each of those accounts and
put everybody to sell for a day
to the other
you get 200 comes from 250 280 dogs
contracts means in a 20 here from
money so you have a little bit of
I work only for and until the page sem cento
and little to get the
dollar contracts contracts and much
profit in the end with little
job
so that was my tip is of trade
I hope you liked it if you could.
leave a link to help spread the word
video channel will also be show
It helps me a lot.
too and if you're new here you can
click the subscribe button if to
receive all your content always stay
on the posts I make beauty
So that's it, this was my tip .
trade there you think if you find out more
methods I will certainly have for you I
I'm going to stay here a hug for you
I went there and checked everything right here.
What to say and welcome to the first one.
tutorial here on fifa fifa channel one
tutorial about my setup
control and camera